From Hansel minutes.com. It's Hanselman.
It's a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman posted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
one 48. Recorded live Wednesday,
January 28, 2009. Support for
Hanselman. This just provided by
teller Reb controls. The most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications. online@www.tv, L E R
I k.com and by.net developers
journal the world's leading.net developer
magazine online at www dot
dot com. In this
episode, Scott talks about meth,
the managed extensibility framework with
Glenn block. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes, and
I've got a cold today.
Hopefully that won't be too
distracting, but I'm sitting down
here in building 36 with
Glenn block program manager for
meth, fun to work on
a project called meth. Glen,
what does meth, why does
it have a silly name?
Well, you know, we like
to come up with silly
names, which we changed before
the time we actually ship.
What is meth? That's a
good question. Really? What meth
is, is a technology to
enable customers to build applications
that have an open set
of extensions. Where what I
mean by extensions is that,
you know, after an application
has been deployed, someone can
come along and create some
kind of custom addition to
that application. But the difference
being that with meth, you
don't have to design the
application to know what the
finite set of things will
be. It actually does kind
of a discovery process to
find things and what, where
that really becomes ideal and
why we call it. The
managed extensibility framework is, you
know, if I'm developing a
third party application, like a
CRM system, and I want
to have an ecosystem of
different vendors that could be
creating add-ons to that, then
with meth, they pretty much
just deploy their functionality into
the bin folder and the
app just discovers that it's
available. And it shows up
now in, in all of
my, all the Microsoft marketing
speech right there, I didn't
hear plugins. Is it, is
it safe to paraphrase for
me to kind of take
what you just said in
my brain and put it
back out and say meth
makes it really easy to
write apps that support plugins
meth does make it easy
to write. Yes, it is
a plugin architecture. It goes
a little bit further than
that because you know, when
we talk about how meth
does what it does, it's
actually a compositional engine. So
what I like to compare
that is if I was
going to build a traditional
application where I would add
in extensibility, it tends to
be a model where I
have a host and then
there's some extensions that maybe
are in a bin folder
or somewhere else. I might
have a configuration file with
math because it's a compositional
model. Those extensions themselves actually
can be further extended all
the way down the line.
And because it's also where
the composition comes in is
to provide those extensions, the
things they need. And this
is commonly, you know, there's
a principle in software design
called dependency injection, and we've
had a whole bunch of
conversations with folks that have
compared meth to something known,
particularly in the open source
community as a dependency injection
container. But the idea of
dependency injection is that you
have a component that is
not responsible for getting its
dependencies. Those dependencies are pushed
in and primarily folks use
dependency, injection containers for decoupling
their systems and for testability
in the case of meth
where we're using dependency injection
in terms of the principle
is to say that I'm
an extension that's loading up.
That extension is going to
need some things coming from
the host, or even if
my extension is being extended,
so to speak. So we
use inversion of control and
dependency injection these principles, but
we use them for solving
a very specific problem, which
is how do these third
party extensions that are getting
added to the system, get
what they need. Okay. So
dependency injection is the idea
that the object has some
dependency. It needs it, and
it's being injected into the
object as opposed to the
object going off and being
in control of looking forward
itself. That's why we call
it inversion of control because
suddenly the, the car object
is no longer responsible for
finding its wheels. It just
shows up and wheels are
on it, and it doesn't
know where they came from.
Well, and the thing that's
interesting about inversion of control
is it really relates to
a thing called the Hollywood
principle, which is, which means
don't call us, we'll call
you. And the problem and
Fowler, you know, identified this
in patterns of enterprise architecture
has, is great. Tome was
that, you know, almost any
framework that's out there does
inversion of control. It almost
has no meaning because it's
like, think of it like
this. I create a WinForms
application. I drop a user
control on that WinForms app.
Am I responsible for calling
that control or does the
framework do it? So that's
the idea of inversion of
control, but the difference, I
think, between using things like
Dai containers and such to
achieve in of control, versus
when it's like baked into
the.net framework is you're solving
problems that traditionally you would
solve through imperative coding, like
with WinForms. I never had
to manually create the control
and edit. It always did
it for me, but it's
taking these things like these
inversion of control containers and
saying, okay, well now, instead
of me, imperatively calling all
code. I can actually wire
up something else to do
it for me. And by
doing that, that means that
I can replace in a
test environment, for example, which
things it wires up. Because
anytime I write imperative code
that says a equals new
B, well, unless I happen
to be in like a
dynamic language where I actually
can at the language level
replace that I'm always going
to get a B, but
if I go to an
inversion control container and saying,
resolve B, what I get
might not be a B
at all. I mean, it
may implement, I may go
ask for an I B,
which is an interface. And
then I don't know, or
care actually what the concrete
implementation is because when I'm
doing IOC, I'm just working
through contracts. And that is
a parallel like in meth,
when you work, when you
work with these extensions, we
call them parts. And it's
a very simple concept in
meth that you build up
your app, your app consists
of a set of parts.
Those parts have exports, which
are things they give off
and imports things Take in.
We use this Of contract
there as well, because if
I'm going to import something,
how do I know what
the thing that I'm going
to import looks like, or
what it's called, we call
that thing a contract that
defines what that is. Okay.
So is meth an IOC
container or not? So what
I would say to that
is that when you say
that question, it's a very
overloaded question. When, what I
take that to me and
I used to work in
the patterns and practices team,
where we built a unity
that I would say, yes,
that is an ISU. Maybe
familiarize people with unit who
may not be familiar with
unity is an IOC. It
is an IOC container, and
it was built to be
an IOC container. But again,
when you say that, what
does that mean? What I
take that to mean when
somebody says to me is
muffin, IOC container is I
solve a set of problems
using this thing. I call
an IOC container, can meth
solve those problems? And my
IOC container was built to
solve those problems in a
very specific way. What I
would say about Memphis meth
was really harvested. We didn't
look at what other people
were doing with IOC containers
and say, Hey, let's go
build. One of those. What
we did is we had
a set of problems around
this space of getting these
apps to be extensible. And
we basically said, Hey, this
principle of using inversion of
control is a great way
to solve that. So what
I would say is that
if you look at it
on a scenario by scenario
basis, there are some things
we do that overlap with
what IOC containers do, how
we do. It may be
very different because of, but
it's really about the end
goal of what we built
it for. Okay. So if
someone's out there already and
they have tried a number
of IOC containers, and maybe
they're trying Autofac and they've
looked at unity and they've
played with structure map, would
they want to also put
meth in their app and
why, or wouldn't they just
implement meth, like structures in
their own existing container that
makes them happy. So, one
of the things that's interesting
about that Is because meth
does a very specific set
of things. We actually think
that there's a world where
both live together and we've
been prototyping on that. And
what that means is it's
not a two container solution
meth. What meth really has
is a, an abstract way
of defining in general components
and their dependencies. And so
you can imagine taking an
IOC container and meth enabling
it. That means that that
IFC container still works the
way that it works. But
what it also does is
it now understands miffs component
language so that it can
automatically also take in things
from meth. So the other
day, Nick Blumhardt, who's the
author of Autofac and we've
got some really passionate guys
from the IOC space on
the meth team, Nick Blumhardt
audit or authored Autofac. He
and I were with Chris
Tavarez who wrote unity, who
wrote unity. And we were
doing some spiking around integration
between the two, which is
where I have an IOC
container. And I'm using meth
for that third party extensibility.
The way I basically position
it though, is the difference
between the two is that
IOC containers are really about
managing a known set of
things in different environments, right?
Like I want a logger
in my, in this environment,
I want a mock lager
in my test environment. So
meth is really about managing
an unknown set of things.
And what that boils down
to is that in an
IOC container, I tend to
do either a convention based
or a registration, a specific
registration mechanism to say, here's
what lager means. Here's what
this means. Here's what that
means. Meth uses the code
and a discovery mechanism and
annotations on the code, which
are attributes where whatever shows
up in the system that's,
what's there. So the, so
again, taking it to a
higher level, it's about you
use meth to really manage
it, A set of unknown
things, Use IOC containers to
manage a set of known
things. The, that last sentence
is about the clearest explanation
that I've heard so far.
And I wonder why is
it that it's so confusing?
I mean, it seems, it
seems like a lot of
people are confused. So then
I think that the next
kind of question would come
up would be why isn't
there an IOC container or
what I get people call
a microkernel baked into the
dot and framework, and is
that, you know, holding aspects
of designing the framework back?
Sure. Because the thing I
get confused about is that
people who seem to know
what they're talking about always
say, and here's an IOC
container in 14 lines. Why
doesn't Microsoft just shove that
in system dot DLL and
we'll all go on with
our lives. Sure. You know,
I think sometimes there's too
much focus. I personally believe
in, and I'm a big
fan of IOC containers. IOC
containers are a means an
end. The end is really
about, you know, decoupling decoupling
systems is really kind of
the primary goal of, of
using IOC. So, you know,
I think we do get
hung up on the idea
of, I must have a
thing called an IOC container,
having decoupling in the framework
and having mechanisms to do
that. Memphis, certainly a mech
again, it's about, if you
go at the higher level,
Memphis, certainly a mechanism for
decoupling different components and meth
has two aspects to it.
And I don't want to
get into this too much
cause it will confuse people.
There's a layer in meth
that has to do with
exactly how things manifest in
this attribute and model. And
there's a layer of NEF
that has absolutely nothing to
do with that. So when
you talk about the, microkernel
almost like a microkernel that
functionality is something that we're
going to be looking at
big, deeper and deeper in
the framework. So I would
say that we certainly hope
that Memphis, that technology we've
built it, we've, we've done
a lot of work in
the last year to evolve
it, to be that technology
that could provide that general
decoupling in the platform going
forward. Do we need something
else? Well, that remains to
be seen. I mean, unity
certainly is very much like
an IOC like castle Windsor
and these other things, right?
It is certainly something though
that is important to the.net
framework that we want to
support these more decoupled type
designs, both for applications built
on top of the framework
and even within the framework
components itself. Hi, this is
Scott coming at you from
another place in time. Are
you looking for an object
relational mapping tool for mission
critical projects using lincoln.net? I
wanted to share with you
genome. So specifically designed for
developing dot and enterprise applications.
Genome is a mature link
integrated ORM tool. It's been
employed in numerous large scale
projects over the last six
years, genome was created for
the.net platform as opposed to
being a port from Java.
And it's thrived on platform
innovation since.net. 1.0 genome has
supported links since its CTP
release in may of 2006.
It offers several unique features,
such as encapsulation and reuse
of link queries and expressions.
You can really fully harness
the power of link while
benefiting from your database platforms.
Unique features, compose complex link
queries, decompose the query logic
and your domain model link
supports all the major database
platforms you find in enterprise
environments like SQL server, but
also Oracle and IBM DB
too. And find out more
about how genome integrates tightly
with visual studio and what
tools genome offers to reduce
development time@tinyurl.com slash try genome
G N O M E,
where you can also download
a free and fully functional
trial version. I hope you
enjoy it. Now. One of
there's two interesting things about
meth that have struck me
in a, in a couple
of four or five days.
And I've been hanging out
up here on campus. The
first one is that it
keeps coming up in conversations
and, and I don't mean
that in a like comp
complimentary or flattery Sense. I'm
just telling you the truth
that like I go into
a group and I, like,
I just interviewed the guy
that wrote the, one of
the guys that worked on
the WPF editor for dev
10. He goes, Oh yeah,
we use meth under, there
was just people. Oh yeah,
we're using meth for that.
Oh yeah, you was your
man. So, so you've successfully
sold this thing internally. Well,
I mean, honestly the reason
it evolved was because of
that, there were about five
or six different efforts within
the company that were trying
to solve this problem of,
you know, decoupling and also
the extensibility problem. You know,
if you look@itinthe.net framework, we
haven't really had a good
story around general extensibility. We've
had the managed ad in
framework, but that was really
built more around solving a
problem of isolation and security
and versioning. But you know,
it also is hard. It
was hard. It imposes a
lot. I've actually been looking
at math, math integration now.
So I'm dealing with that
right away right now, but,
but it didn't have those
compositional aspects and yes, and
it imposed a lot on
the types of types and
types of types, you know,
the types that it dealt
with, making sure they're more
shootable or, or you know,
that they can pass across
the wire because it uses
remoting app domains. Meth was
built to be very simple,
but we don't have, other
than the reflection API, you
know, a simple way to
say I've got an app,
I want to build a
set of extensions for it.
I want it to work
in a lot of my
talks on meth. I've talked
about how there are a
lot of these very specific
APIs that work with a
very specific technology like asp.net
has the provider model. Well,
that's great, but what if
I'm not on a web
server, right. And office has
a great set of extensibility
API APIs, but what if
I'm not in office? Do
I want to bind my
clients that they have to
develop in office? So it
was a common need coming
from multiple different angles that
made us say, you know
what, we need to solve
this problem. And we've worked
with a lot of internal
partners to solve it. And
so it's like, yeah, this
is the answer we've been
waiting for. So they've jumped
on the board and it's
been groups like the connected
systems division with the Oslo
editor, for example, which is
actually using Python, which exposes
another aspect of meth, which
is that it's not bound
to types. Most IOC containers
out. All of the ones
I know are really very
heavily bound on, you know,
the thing that comes in
is a type meth actually
can work with dynamic languages
and other kinds of things.
I guess the long answer
to that question is that
it's solving a very common
problem that we haven't had
a good answer for in
the framework. Well, it sounds
like at least at Microsoft,
it solved exactly the right
problem because it's an idea
virus and it's spreading appropriately.
So the second thing that
I think is interesting about,
about meth that I've noticed
internally is that no one
seems to care that it's
open source and you've, and
you're developing it in a
very open way. It's MSPL
right. MSPL yes. And It
was another license at one
point, but we're MSBs Yeah,
well that was, you know,
you wouldn't wanna speak about
that little Schrieffer. I mean,
the interesting thing That whole
thing was like, when I
joined them F team, I
was really hot on, we
need to get this out
there. And there were a
bunch of reasons why I
wanted to get out to
code Plex. You know, we've
been accused as a company
of developing things, kind of
in a cave sometimes. Like
there were the only ones.
And I won't mention examples
that, you know, have solved
this problem. And I knew,
especially coming from P and
P and I've been very
involved with like the alt.net
community and stuff like that,
that, you know, this problem
has been solved before we
may be addressing it in
a different way, but I
wanted to make sure that
the people that were solving
the problem knew that, Hey,
we're not trying to knock
you out of the box
where we're looking to solve
a very specific thing, but
also that we allowed, you
know, that Mindshare to pour
in and say, look, we've
been in this space. Why
don't you do this this
way? One great example of
where that benefited Memphis, the
idea of constructor injection, we
initially were only supporting property
injection, which is what most
of our partners were using.
And there was feedback very
loud and clear on Kristoff
Selena's blog. Hey, you guys
should have constructor injection. We
added it only because the
community said we really want
this. So I wanted to
get it out to code
Plex Coming from. And I
saw a real value in
having that visibility out there.
And in doing it, we
had some parts of meth
that came from other places.
And so we had some
issues around, you know, can
we put all the code
out there? And because of
that, we ended up going
out with a more restrictive
license initially, but the goal
was all good. We wanted
to get the code out
there and be visible. And
I got slammed pretty hard
by that. And I, I
respect, you know, it was
Miguel Causa actually, that, that
slammed us because he said,
yes, You know, the founder
of a motto because he
said, well, now we can't
use meth on mono when
we're not looking to write
meth. But of course in
this particular instance, it was
a, an innocent and ignorant
mistake and you fix it
quickly and it's works out.
So now it's MSP out.
That means it's all of
it. So that means, Well,
they're still brooding. Like I
still see posts that say,
ha don't use meth because
it's poison and it's LPO.
And or people say that
I was trying some kind
of marketing thing of watering
down opensource, Big fan. I
think they give you too
much credit, but it's MSPL.
So what does that mean
to us? I mean, what
does that mean to a
listener who using meth and
they're maybe they put it
into their enterprise. So that
means that You're free to
take the code. You can
modify it. It gives the
mano guys, for example, Miguel
already got meth to compile
on mono in doing that.
He had to make a
slight change because there was
a read-write lock. There was
some kind of lock that
we were using internally that
was not supported on mono
2.0 yet. So which they
were planning to support. But
the point was that, and
he didn't actually do this,
but he could make that
and put that out there
and people can use it
if they want to just
like they use other open
source. Now, when we say
it's open source, I mean,
we're still owning the code.
You're not taking commits. We're
not taking you. It's not
open source. It's source opened
well, but because it's MSPL,
if somebody wants, I wanted
to, they could take the
entire method code base and
copy it into meth contrib,
and the community could start
branching it if they wanted
to. We wouldn't pull that
back though. Things, have you
seen people do people as
they would made any major
changes to meth? So the
biggest one right now, if
I call out is a
guy who has Twitter is
the code junkie. His name
is Andreas forgetting his last
name. Now, for some reason,
he's built a version of
a program. So meth has
these programming models. And on
one of them we have
is the attribute model. I
was describing that. And because
we've decoupled it in the
way we have, you can
write your own entirely new
model, like for Python, that
doesn't support attributes. Well, he's
gone and built a model
that's completely configuration driven because
he wants to use meth.
Meth has a bunch of
capabilities beyond just the traditional
of, I get a type
a thing. Like I can
add metadata. I can lazy
instantiate and lazy load. And
this is all because we
were trying to support these
scenarios like visual studio and
such like that. Well, so
he wants to leverage that
within his app, but he
wants to have control over
the set of finite things
that are getting created. And
he doesn't want to have
to put attributes on there.
He wants to be pure
poco. So he built his
own model, meaning plain old
CLR objects, plain old CLR
objects. He built his own
model, which is about to
go live on meth contrib,
which will allow customers to
go and configure meth completely
through configuration. All right. So
I feel it's still a
little bit like we've been
talking in abstracts and we
may have actually lost people.
So if there's anyone who's
still actually listening at this
point, why don't we talk
about what we did with
the baby smash demo? I
need to get that code
out. This was a demo
that we did at PDC.
And if you go and
Google around for TL 49,
you'll see a, my talk
at PDC and I had
a little meth bit in
the beginning. And do you
remember the code for your
talk at PDC? A TL
33, I believe you know,
33 and then you'll see.
Glen's very good talk on
meth. So one of the
things that we did it
took, I think maybe four
hours was I w I
just made a little quick
prototype of baby smash, maybe
smash this my little toddler
game that lets kids slap
on the keyboard and put
shapes on the screen. And
the idea was that Jason Olson,
who's a Microsoft employee and
MF fan. And I would
basically swap out the shapes
and I had, everything was
hard coded. I was Newing
up the shapes. I had
a rudimentary shape factory that
made random shapes, and he
wanted to be able to
change those to an entirely
different shape. So kind of
walk me through the process
here. So, As we mentioned
before, meth has a concept
of parts imports and exports.
W what you guys did
is you created a thing
called smash packs. So if
you'd start off, you'd say,
okay, I've got an app
that app wants to be
able to get smashed packs.
So immediately that's going to,
from a math perspective, going
to say, okay, somebody in
the app is going to
need to be importing smashed
packs. I think in your
case, you did an ice
smash pack. I think we
ended up doing, we ended
up doing just at the
shape level, and then the
goal is to go, and
everything we're going to
do audio for the demo.
We did just these shapes.
So basically shapes would come
from somewhere else. We needed
shapes. That was I think
our import. Yep. Yup. So
the way math works is
really easy. You define a
contract like an interface, you
basically say, okay, I'm going
to have a collection property,
which is a collection of
providers. And I'm going to
put an import attribute on
that. Then what I'm going
to have is a set
of assemblies that are going
to reference that shared contract
that are going to say,
okay, here's my available smashed
packs, right? Or providers or
whatever we come up with.
Then the thing that brings
the glue together is you
create a thing called a
catalog. Right now, remember that
we created a catalog and
it was important to us
that for the demo that
we take a DLL and
while the app was still
running, we drop the DLL
into the bin folder. So
I hate to tell you
this, but we're actually going
to pull that functionality. Oh,
you're killing me. Well, the
reason is it's great demo
where practically, well, it's dangerous
practice. It doesn't work out
very well. It has lots
of problems. And the reason
is that functionality depends on
the underlying file notification watcher.
You know, the false system
watch your API and which,
what it does is as
soon as a file shows
up, it says, Oh, it's
there. I'll grab it. The
problem with that is let's
say that you drop an
assembly that has a dependency
on another assembly. Well, now,
and almost every time I've
demoed this feature, I think
you've been the only person
I've seen. Who's successfully demoed
it without it failing once.
And I saw you did
the batch file trick, but,
but anyway, yeah, you create
a thing called a directory
part catalog, and that directory,
we we're actually going to
call it a directory catalog
just to simplify it. You
pointed out a folder, it
streams through assemblies. Now, how
is it finding those contracts
that you specified? Well, it's
not just looking for the
type and saying, Oh, you
used an eye thing. I'll
just pick it up. We
use a Lang a declarative
language. This is essentially that
if I want something, I
put an import attribute. And
if I have something available,
I put an export attribute.
So when each of those
assemblies that represent your smash
packs, you would have some
kind of like, you know,
my family smashed pack provider,
right. That implements, I smashed
pack provider. And then on
top of it, it would
have an export attribute. And
that expert attribute says, I
smashed pack provider. The beauty
of Memphis is that let's
say I did that. And
now it works. And suddenly
you say, you know what?
I want to open up
my smash pack providers so
they can get some additional
information back from the app.
It's not just the host
loads it, and it does
its thing. Well, now that
smashed back provider can start
adding its own import attributes
to pull back. And when
it's pulling back, it doesn't
know where it's coming from.
It might be coming from
an assembly that's sitting right
next door that has an
extension, or it might be
coming from the app. It's
definitely very, very simple. You
know, is that a solution
to what might ordinarily be
a circular, circular reference, or
maybe a very well kind
of, I mean, that's not
a similar perspective. Well, no,
because you have a contract
you've removed the circular reference
in the sense that, yeah,
I don't have a dependency
on this guy and he
doesn't then have a dependency
on me, but the idea
is with meth, you've really
broken that whole notion of
who the, who the provider
of the thing is ignorance
is bliss. It's complete bliss.
It's like, I call a
web service, right. I just
call a method. And I
know that it's going to
get more. I don't care.
Who's on the other side,
I just know that they
satisfy the contract. It's the
same idea of meth. That
actually means though, that meth
apps are our work well
from a, you know, in
terms of being designed from
a testability aspect, because I
don't know who I'm asking
for. That means if it's
some mock thing I don't
know. Right. So ultimately your
applications, they care about what
they care about. They care
about what they care about.
They don't care about How
do you get it. They
don't care about what it
actually is Or how, or
where they care about what
exactly you focus on the
words, which, which actually gets
to the solid principles. I
hope you saw the show
with the uncle. Bob, you
think about things like single
responsibilities, dependency and version more
and more. I'm looking at
my objects and I'm saying
he knows way too much
about what's going on. And
he knew it a long
time and he knew it
early on. Right. You knew
what the constructor and just
in order to do in
order for some property to
have some tiny little bit
of knowledge, suddenly just little
bits of perversion have sprinkled
its way into my design.
So then something like meth
would just kind of remove
that. Let somebody else be
the, the one that knows
too much. Exactly. But you
know, but I don't want
to make it like you
should use meth for every
single type, every single thing.
I mean, it's, it's designed
to do a very specific
thing, use it for what
it was built for and
that, and when we've had
these conversations about kind of
integrating with like IOC containers,
like unity it's been, or
Autofac, which Nick was the
first one to prototype that
it's been under the same
context, I'm going to use
meth for what it's good
for. I'm going to use
these other things for what
they're good for. So where
do people get more information
on meth and more importantly,
where can they see actual
sample code that's gonna help
it really gel for them.
So if you go to
our code Plex site code,
plex.com/math, math is available with
full source. We're committed. Although
we actually just for customers
to know, we will be
shipping in the.net framework for
AU, but we're committed to
keep the source out there.
And we're going to keep
it out there on three
five, even though we're planning
to take some FORO specific
dependencies and we're doing that
for the community. So they
have access to the code.
Cetera, there are samples, there,
there is a Wiki. We've
not really gone as far
with the Wiki as we
should. You can ping us
and say, please add additional.
And hopefully we'll get off
our butts and get it
done. But we, we, but
there's enough out there to
get the basics. Like what
is an export? What's an
important, you'll find some samples
here as well. Plus there's
a bunch of bloggers that
have been blogging on that,
but we have some links
to, you know, to some
of those different posts that
are out there. And I
suspect there'll be one on
your blog very soon. I
think it's time to get
the dispatch packs finished up.
Cool. Well, thanks so much.
Glen block was her manager
on meth. Her talking to
me today, this has been
another episode of Hansel minutes
and I'll see you again
next week.